So what of the question that I can put in your mind why we need to use the following learn and not just
use the first provision to make a quick clone and all the tank will work perfectly.
So the situation here is not as you think.
If you remember in the snapshot we say that it is high on the do not leave us not more than 13 days.
So in this region we use a snapshot the virtual machine work in a snapshot mode.
In our original disk so the snapshot will start consuming more size.
This not short will cost me more size.
So we have more space consuming.
But in this situation is not a problem of space but it will a problem of the performance of the virtual
machine.
So imagine if we create only one.
It's not a problem.
But imagine if you create 10 virtual machine using do linkit clone.
We have 10 virtual machine with a built out this all of them connected to the same original disk.
This original disk will have an overloading from a different it's a video machine.
When you have a lot of your machine and use that to start making some rights and read from disk the
disk can't support all the virtual machine so the disk will start in the virtual machine would start
freezing and some problem would be start happening.
And the situation if something wrong happened to the original disk but it was up with this disk crashed
or the data deleted with another disk or anything else on the virtual machine connected to this.
This will be out of service so your last five or 10 virtual machine at the same time.
But in this situation if the virtual machine a have a problem in the disk and this machine out of service
the virtual machine still work perfectly head to victory the machine a second or a third or a fourth.
Well out of service at the same time we do virtual machine.
So this is do but think about the first provision but in some times we need to use it in a specific
situation.
For example we have some temporary use.
What a new employer come to your company.
Want to make some work for a specific reason in your company he will work in your company for example
for 13 days then he will go.
You don't need to create a full complete virtual machine.
You simply do a first provision are linked into one of your virtual machine.
You give it to use it to work on this.
Then when he finish his work you do your one and keep the original one and so on and so on.
Another situation you have some thumper or user or different users who want to use only Windows 7 for
example or windows.
Then you make this link get the clone and work with it in a specific situation.
So this is the idea of the first provision.